How to upgrade beanstalk (#34715)
metabase/metabase: docs/installation-and-operation/running-metabase-on-elastic-beanstalk.md

Select that snapshot and click on **Actions** > **Restore Snapshot**.

From this step on, you can follow the same steps as the [Configuring RDS for Metabase](./creating-RDS-database-on-AWS.md). 

## Upgrade your Elastic Beanstalk deployment

> If you want to stay in Elastic Beanstalk, you can keep upgrading it by following these steps:
> 1. Download the [last published Beanstalk artifact file](https://downloads.metabase.com/v0.47.2/metabase-aws-eb.zip)
> 2. Unzip the file
> 3. Edit the Dockerrun.aws.json file and change the image tag to the latest available version (please do not use :latest, rather check which is the latest tag available and replace it on the file)
> 4. Compress the file
> 5. Upload it to AWS as a new Beanstalk version and then upgrade your environment
> 
> Note: if you hit any errors on the deployment, please refer to our forums unless you're a paid customer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to stay in Elastic Beanstalk, you can keep upgrading it by following these steps:

1. Download the [last published Beanstalk artifact file](https://downloads.metabase.com/v0.47.2/metabase-aws-eb.zip).
2. Unzip the file.
3. Edit the Dockerrun.aws.json file and change the image tag to the latest available version. (Avoid using `:latest`. Instead, use the latest version number.
4. Compress the file.
5. Upload the file to AWS as a new Beanstalk version.
6. Upgrade your environment.
```
